In this video, you will learn how to get started
with Kibana.
You will learn how to access Kibana and get
familiar with the Kibana user interface.
Once you have created a deployment in the Elastic Cloud
console, you can access Kibana by clicking Continue.
To get started with Kibana, use one of the
sample data sets that ship with Kibana.
To add the sample web log data set, for example,
click Try sample data, followed by Add data.
This action loads the sample data into Elasticsearch
and creates dashboards so you can explore the data.
Let’s get familiar with the Kibana interface.
Click the Elastic logo return to the Kibana
home page.
The Kibana home page provides easy access
to the Elastic Enterprise Search,
Elastic Observability, and Elastic Security solutions,
as well as everything you need to start analyzing
and visualizing your data.
Clicking Enterprise Search will bring you
to a page that helps you set up Elastic App
Search and Workplace Search.
You can use App Search to add search capabilities
to your websites and apps.
Workplace Search makes all of your teams’
content findable by unifying your content
in one place.
To return to the Kibana home page, just click
the Elastic logo again.
Elastic Observability enables you to visualize
logs, monitor applications and services with
APM, and track metrics and system uptime.
Elastic Security provides apps for detection,
alerting, and real-time analysis of security
events in your data.
You can access all of Kibana's features via
the main menu, by clicking the menu icon in the top left.
You can find the three solutions here: Elastic
Enterprise Search, Observability, and Security.
Under Analytics, you’ll find the tools to
analyze and visualize your data.
You can search and drill into the most relevant
data using Discover.
Dashboard enables you to create a collection
of charts and graphs about one or multiple data sets.
You can then explore the data using filters
and queries.
Dashboard is also where you can start a new chart
or graph by creating a blank dashboard and adding a panel.
Canvas empowers you to create interactive
infographics from your live data.
Maps enable you to analyze your geo data.
Machine Learning gives you access to the anomaly
detection and data analysis features that
are powered by machine learning.
Graph allows you to discover significant relationships
in your data.
Stack Management enables you to manage your
deployment.
Here, you can ingest and manage your data,
set up alerting and reporting, and manage access.
And finally, if you're looking for something,
use the search field at the top of the screen.
Thanks for watching this short introduction
to Kibana.